The head of the Wang family is here
Brother Sun is really young and promising
There are big people on it who are optimistic about you
Let me get you a million dollar contract
Do you mean what you said?
Of course it's true, you see
Thank you so much Wang Family Master
In the future, my Sun family will definitely cooperate fully with the Wang family
Uh, Master Wang
You just said that there is a big person on it who is optimistic about it.
Can't you say that you will naturally know in the future?
Yes Yes Yes Yes
Son you are awesome
This place has won honor for our Sun family
Ah.
Master Wang, I want to talk to my son about something
Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute. Wow.
Son, that bitch can't wander anymore
You are now appreciated by the big man above
You Wang Yundu personally came to cooperate with you
Your future
Limitless
Mom, don't worry.
When Wang Yuan leaves, I will take her to the Civil Affairs Bureau to complete the certificate. You have to hurry up.
I wouldn't have agreed if your grandmother had insisted that you marry her
Hurry up and talk to Song Wu this afternoon. What about the wedding certificate ceremony?
Song Wu is beautiful and atmospheric
It will be of great help to you in the future
Ok, I get it, mom.
It's strange why Sun Liancheng didn't even show a wedding photo